all right I'm sure you guys are all
wondering how I stopped this v-cube 6 to
explode when I was apparently solving it
incredibly fast so but I figure I also
gave you guys this different camera
angle I am recording with a waterproof
camera and it can record at 60 frames
per second at the lower HD setting so I
figured it'd also be kind of need to get
some cruel slow motion with it as well
all right so recording and let's see if
I can get this to explode now as I was
solving the puzzle here I was trying out
a technique where I still turn the
layers the same speed but I moved the
cube but more slowly and I was hoping
that after I sped it up it would look
like you know I was still handling the
cube the same way but turning the layers
incredibly fast but it didn't quite give
me the result I wanted but yeah I tried
now for the camera shake I used the
wiggle effect in Adobe After Effects I'm
sure you could do this in many other
editing software's but I wasn't able to
in CyberLink PowerDirector
[Music]
all right so how did I get that shot
look right here
there are little pieces of yarn that
hold these two pieces together here's a
closer up main camera
see so what happened here is the yarn
eventually untwisted and the Hume fell
apart and as you can see my core is
adjustable I thought about just
modifying the core so that the screws
would unloosen themselves but you know I
didn't really want the cube to fall
apart when I didn't want it to so I
decided yarn would be a better option
now assembling the cube with yarn and it
was a big challenge I first twisted the
yarn to a good tension and then I put
all the pieces on these quarters here so
that they would all sit in place once I
got the last piece in then everything
fit in snugly here I used a bed piece of
a paper clip to hold the yarn since the
paper clips took so much space I wasn't
able to use the original center caps so
instead I cut a flat piece of plastic
from a Lego and glued it on it seemed
out of place here but after I put a tile
on it it was hardly noticeable I got the
tile from some uncut tile material I got
from cube Smith
now staging this whole thing wasn't
flawless once I got the cube assembled I
started testing out the turnin after
solving it for a while I felt a snap in
the cube then suddenly a chunk of pieces
fell off here and soon the whole cube
fell apart once I got it reassembled I
went right to the camera without hardly
testing it the first time I tried hoping
it for the camera nothing happened I got
through a whole solve uneventful and
it's solved fail I'm a second solve I
was nearly done with the second center
when the cube finally fell apart
Oh
[Music]
[Laughter]
so now you know the video was a lot more
complicated to make it and it looked did
you guys find this behind-the-scenes
video interesting let me know in the
comments below and I'll probably make
more of these and if you guys want to be
notified if and when those videos are
uploaded then you can subscribe above
thanks for watching